samples: Correct building central_uart with nRF RPC stack. (#13837)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added the configuration option to disable the Direction Finding feature.

* :ref:`central_uart` sample:

  * Added the :file:`prj_minimal.conf` configuration for ``nrf52dk_nrf52810``.

>   * Corrected the behaviour when build with the :ref:`ble_rpc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Corrected the behavior when building with the :ref:`ble_rpc` library.
```
